wait that's not possible this can't be
hold on that's computer code let me
compile it oh shit it's an encrypted
file uploaded to my computer I'm a strip
decryption yeah I can't it's only
compatible with the Animus itself I
don't upload it to Desmond then I
believe this hello this is they call me
subject 16 listen I don't have much time
there's something I have to show you we
have been lied to this whole time
everything we know everything we've been
brought up to believe it's wrong okay um
I've uploaded the evidence the file that
that proves it all but I've split it
into 20 pieces and lock each with a coho
can't be too careful Queen Isabella no
not her uh-uh what century is it oh
never mind I've hidden the code to the
first file inside this program find it
find the ball and along the way he'll be
in to see the truth what the heck how
did this cansado animus oh oh the memory
core we transferred 16s memory data from
obscure go into the Animus two point oh
he must have hacked the machine when
vidiq left him alone between sessions
hold on wait a second the signs on the
walls in obscure go the ones written in
blood those were clues he was telling us
to look for them inside the animus